Update the docs, change sidebar url property to page/index (#13004)
lampepfl/dotty: docs/docs/usage/scaladoc/staticSite.md

> # {{ page.title}}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# {{ page.title }}
```

docs/getting-started.html
```

> Scaladoc can transform both files and directories (to organize your documentation into a tree-like structure). By default, directories have a title based on the file name and have empty content. There is an option to include `index.html` or `index.md` (not both) to provide both content and properties like the title (see [Properties](#properties)).

Reviewer: > There is an option
Is this a cli option? Or do you mean *It is possible to include* ?

Author: `It is possible to provide index pages for each section by creating `index.html` or `index.md` (not both) in the dedicated directory` is better?

```yaml
sidebar:
    - title: Blog
    - title: My title
      page: my-page1.md
    - page: my-page2.md
    - page: my-page3/subsection
    - title: Reference
      subsection:
        - page: my-page3.md
    - index: my-page4/index.md
      subsection:
        - page: my-page4/my-page4.md
    - title: My subsection
      index: my-page5/index.md
      subsection:
        - page: my-page5/my-page5.md
    - index: my-page6/index.md
      subsection:
        - index: my-page6/my-page6/index.md
          subsection:
            - page: my-page6/my-page6/my-page6.md
```

The `sidebar` key is mandatory.
On each level, you can have three different types of entries: `page`, `blog` or `subsection`.

> `Page` is a leaf of the structure and accepts the following attributes:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`page` is a leaf of the structure and accepts the following attributes:
```

> - `title` \[optional\] - title of the page

Reviewer 2: I suggest using parentheses instead of square brackets.

Author: Done

- `page` (mandatory) - path to the file that will represent the page, it can be either html or markdown file to be rendered, there is also the possibility to pass the `directory` path. If so, the scaladoc will render the directory and all its content as if there were no `sidebar.yml` basing on its tree structure and index files.

The `page` property

> `Subsection` accepts nested nodes, these can be either pages or subsections, which allow you to create tree-like navigation. The attributes are:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`subsection` accepts nested nodes, these can be either pages or subsections, which allow you to create tree-like navigation. The attributes are:
```

- `title` (optional) - title of the page
- `index` (optional) - path to the file that will represent the index file of the subsection, it can be either html or markdown file to be rendered
- `subsection` (mandatory) - nested nodes, can be either pages or subsections

> The `Subsection` can omit `title` or `index`, however not specifying any of these properties disables you from giving the title of the section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In `subsection`s, you can omit `title` or `index`, however not specifying any of these properties prevents you from specifying the title of the section.
```

> The `Blog` is a special node represented by simple entry `- title: Blog` with no other attributes. All your blog posts will be automatically linked under this section. You can read more about the blog [here](blog.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`blog` is a special node represented by simple entry `- title: Blog` with no other attributes. All your blog posts will be automatically linked under this section. You can read more about the blog [here](blog.md).
```

└── sidebar.yml
```

## Hierarchy of title

> There is a possibility to give the custom title using `sidebar.yml`. The default strategy when choosing the title for:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is possible to specify node titles using `sidebar.yml`. The default strategy when choosing the title for:
```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the title is specified multiple times, the priority is as follows (from highest to lowest priority): 
```

#### Page

1. `title` from the `front-matter` of the markdown/html file
2. `title` property from the `sidebar.yml` property
3. filename

#### Subsection

1. `title` from the `front-matter` of the markdown/html index file
2. `title` property from the `sidebar.yml` property
3. filename

Note that if you skip the `index` file in your tree structure or you don't specify the `title` in the frontmatter, there will be given a generic name `index`. The same applies when using `sidebar.yml` but not specifying `title` nor `index`, just a subsection. Again, a generic `index` name will appear.

## Static resources

You can attach static resources (pdf, images) to your documentation by using two dedicated directories:

> `resources` and `images`. When you upload your assets under any of these directories you can reference them in markdown

Reviewer: #
```suggestion
`resources` and `images`. After placing your assets under any of these directories, you can reference them in markdown
```
